Platform Handover
Platform Scope as of EO’24
Billing

Currently, Billing is with Pawel and there are recurring issues: i.e. finance always needs support with invoice creation
many of these tasks are highly critical and urgent, as it can happen that they block single, multiple or all invoice creations.
Pavel is the only knowledgeable person in the company
All requests are raised in
Billing issues exploration has begun and documented here but paused due to shifting priorities and billing not being in the
focus for 2025
POC in Finance: Mario and Adriana from Finance. Riya supports on the technical side for salesforce/abe sync.
Lot of manual work done by Finance: adjustments end of the month, sending them to customers, etc. These issues have been
explored here
Pawel’s documentation: some steps have been logged in slack
Programmatic billing program issues:
many clients want decrease prices when they ramp up locations, e.g. where 1-500 locations are charged X, 501-1000
charged Y and 1001+ charged Z where X>Y>Z. This is currently not supported but it has been applied to some partners
other clients have contracts where first X locations are for free, and the rest are billed
DealHub: reporting capabilities, margins, understand financials. We want to introduce packages here. is leading this.
POCs
Finance: Adriana Merella, Mario Kirchner
Engineering: Pawel and Primo
IT ops - Harald

Reseller topics
Partner Integrations (Wix, Duda, Vendasta, 1&1 (IONOS))
Usually the work on these integrations is not much or often, but it takes a lot of time to deliver stories, due to many back-and-forth
issues (bugs or unhalded behavior on Uberall or partner’s side), communication delay (alignment between contact points and
devs), etc. Every partner usually has a dedicate PAM (partner account manager) and a dedicated channel for communication.

Wix
https://uberall.com/en/admin/salesPartner/details/3144
Active partnership, current development underway . They’re bringing good revenue due to Uberall being put in a “premium
package”, which is “subsidised” by Wix. This means SMB (end users) are getting uberall for free, and Wix is paying for us. We
anticipate large churn at the end of the year-end SMB contracts as SMBs are not really well onboarded on Uberall.
Overall healthy partnership, Wix can be very demanding and not fully aware of what we’re doing and how we’re working, so it
requires a bit of “hand-holding” and guiding them.
When small changes are made to the app (icon, marketing content) we can publish the new version fo the app immediately,
but for bigger (workflow) changes we need the app to get approved
the app approval is done by the partner integration manager or project manager, we can send a message in #wix-uberall

Duda
Duda https://uberall.com/en/admin/salesPartner/details/1104
Duda has been an active partner for long time, but hasn’t brought much revenue. Recently, a new agreement was signed ( Duda
internal business case ) that given we built a 2-way sync ( ) they will commit to bigger volumes. The updated solution went live
in OCT-2024.
Overall, they always prefer us to build everything, justifying that we’re the partner (= they’re paying us) and mentioning they can
look for other vendors.

Vendasta
This has been the least problematic partner, without any bugs or development requests.
Communication channel
https://uberall.helpjuice.com/pi-tech/607007 Technical documentation

IONOS (1UND1)
Oldest and formerly biggest reseller of Uberall. Recently (2024) they’ve churned new business, and are supporting only existing
business. Expectations and future needs need to be aligned with the PAM.
We support various custom processes for them, all outlined in the technical documentation.
Occasionally they raise issues for example not being able to purge (delete) a location, e.g.:
Hi Uberall, we have another 500:
https://uberall.com/provisioning/brands/ONE_AND_ONE/customers/0a19a2a8-7155-449a-b0b7545c300bbe18/items/82bc942e-181b-45ec-9833-5b5250bcf1b4/purge

In this case you can grab the second id 82bc942e-181b-45ec-9833-5b5250bcf1b4 and check the business by the identifier, find
the location and see if it can be deleted on Sandbox. If yes maybe it’s an intermittent issue, if the issue persists, you can either
manually delete the location on Prod or raise a bug ticket.

Whitelabel implementation
A whitelabelling setup can be applied for both resellers and direct clients, but most commonly for resellers. It’s all documented in
https://uberall.helpjuice.com/reseller-whitelabel/408386 and in https://uberall.helpjuice.com/reseller-whitelabel/408386

Whitelabel colors and branding
Many whitelabels can be set per SP, but only 1 can be applied to the user. As seen from the screenshot. We use this information to
determine the whitelabel colors when we send emails.
This means that clients ensure that they always log in via their own URL e.g. https://uberall.com/en/app/yellowpages/login so that
the correct whitelabel information is loaded.

Whitelabel custom subdomains
Clients can also set their own custom subdomain to remove any uberall.com references. Once set, clients can login on their own
website.
The setup is initiated when all the necessary info is filled in on the SP whitelabel page. Then we create a custom deploy of the
instance in Jenkins – directly from ABE. A START button appears with guidelines on what to do. Then the whitelabel instance is
created.
Clients can optionally set a custom subdomain. To do that, we need to fill in Whitelabel Subdomain of the Partner then the
custom subdomain can begin verification. The client needs to adjust some DNS settings in their DNS dashboard, and then another
VERIFY button will appear.

Once clicked, we check the DNS setup and verify the domain.
Once verified, also emails can be sent on behalf of the client.

NM360
NM360 is a tool developed through the year to replace the old status check tool, and to serve as a lead generation tool. It was
designed to be an entry point for clients to try out uberall.
The high-level flow is:
1. Client performs a (bulk) near me check tool
2. They’re served the results of this check which explains what’s their standing and potential risks and benefits
3. The client can convert via a Self service checkout (this was partially built but never launched, code is existing)
Due to former PMs leaving and the tool not having a clear path forward, no new work has been prioritised. There are some
notable clients using the tool (full list here), most notable TSI has signed up with us for this tool. Few other resellers also rely on it,
too.

High-level technical overview
The high-level flow is explained in this flowchart.
In a nutshell, the process is:
1. User enters the data (API or FE widget) and we normalize it
2. We use the status check to make the requsts to the various directories and get the standing of the listing
3. We collate the data and run some processes to calculate scores
4. We serve the score either via report in the FE or via calling the report endpoint in the API ( )

Known issues and ideas for improvements
1. Quotas. Currently the near me check has no protection against misuse. These will be introduced in or in given the first one
doesnt work
2. Quotas on directories. We have a finite number of calls that we can make to the various directories. For some of them it’s not
possible to increase the amount of calls we can perform. If we get more people on the NM360, we will also have increaed
usage and we may reach a point where we often hit our limits. We need to figure out how to handle this. Potential solutions:
a. dynamic job scheduling based on certain codntions
b. prioritise certain calls among other
c. have dynamic refresh on reports to ensure delayed results are taken into the results
3. Parallel processing. The service has not been proven to be scalable. This needs to be checked and invest more into better
parellel processing
4. Disable heavy processes. We’re currently running competitor data (extra calls) that allows us to calculate some extra metrics.
This adds extra load, and is used only by TSI (this needs to be revalidated). There’s a story to disable the competitor data by
default and
5. Discontinue the status check widget. Currently most clients use the status check widget. It’s outdated and it has very limited
functions. If we want to discontinue it, we need to introduce a similar widget for the NM360 (see status check widget
configuration)

External tools and product integrations - Product
We have integrated a bunch of scripts, external tools and widgets. We load manty of them on all environments (dev, sandbox,
production), but not all. Loading a widget on non-prod environments allows testing it and changes can be safely made prior to
landing on prod. However, we need to ensure any data, especially for tracking/analytics is also correctly captured. Different tools

handle it differently - some can identify the domain, for other we need to do extra work during the implementation to mark a user
as non-prod.
For every widget and script, we need to define the parameters that we send over which helps us enrich the default segmentation
and better identify our users using our terminology (e.g. Product Plans, User features, etc.). This analysis what to send and the
mapping is usually done by the PM in the implementation phase.

Accesibility & Widget
We’re using a 3rd party tool to ensure higher degree of accessibility. Overall there’s little adoption as we’ve partnered with this
company to enable RFPs for companies in the public sector as for them this is a must.
We haven’t pushed for winder adoption as most clients don’t need this tool and the tool can alter some pages in a negative way.
The underlying issues are related to the page design (.gsp pages, non-zenitifed components) and some icons not being .svg

Pendo
We use Pendo for in-app communications and product analytics. At some point, there was an idea to integrate Pendo more deeply
by enabling the Pendo Resource Center - a permanent place for Guides, Onboarding milestones and other Support materials. This
initiative did not gain ground due to concerns from Support, since there was a risk to duplicating content and there was no clear
direction.
Currently, we power Pendo’s in-app notification, tracking and analytics by loading a script in our platform. Recently, we’ve built
custom logic to identify support, internal, and non-prod users.

Beamer
We use Beamer as purely an in-app communication tool. Beamer is also placed in the side nav under “Notifications” and upon
clicking, it opens a sidebar where
Right now, Beamer greatly duplicating Pendo in terms of it’s goals, so we’ve repositioned Beamer as a “changelog” and “new
release” communication. It’s primarily used by Product Marketing (Ruxandra). Additionally, Beamer is rather cheap, but in the
future it can be replaced fully by Pendo.
There’s is a an issue with the implementation, explained here https://uberall.atlassian.net/issues/PL-2115

Configcat - release feature flagging
The feature has been implemented and maintained by Rabie and Ayelen, so platform has not been the owner of this.

Platform Integrations - Workato
A very new product that is still being implemented. All of it has been documented in the linked doc. Ani Babajanyan is leading the
project in terms and is fully onboarded and knowledgeable.
For workato, Ruben has transformed our documentation from custom-uberall built to universal open API format. This allows the
Workato platform to automatically recognise our API structure and make use of our endpoints without needing to manually
refresh the structure.
There’s an active epic, and the prototype is currently being developed. Currently what more needs to be developed is:
control mechanisms to activate/deactivate the product
the full connection with Workato

External tools - Support
Salesforce support Web form to Case

Together with the SF team in Ubreall, we’ve implemented a widget that shows the Support form in Uberall. Once the form is
submitted, a new case is created in Uberall. There hasn’t been any requests, but at some point we may want to introduce extra
languages - right now we support only English for the form’s fields.

Livechat
The Livechat widget is also supported by the Salesforce team. It’s a snippet that is loaded and is shown in the support section.
There haven’t been any new requests or any bugs with this. It’s stable.

Knowledgebase setup
Our knowledgebase solution is provided by HelpJuice. We’ve integrated an iframe that is shown under the Kwoledgebase section.
We determine what to show based on the role of the logged in User. We’re controlling the visibility of the content per article - the
public is available for everyone, and internal is only for Ubreallers.
Overall, the implementation is stable and there hasn’t been any issues. The issues that have appeared have been usually
originating from HelpJuice’s side.

Core platform topics
Webhooks (event service)
Webhooks (event service) was revamped in the beginning in 2024 - epic link. We’ve covered many client requests, made if
accessible in the FE, it’s stable and very rarely (almost never) we have any issues. There’s an alert channel that feeds from this
observability/monitoring dashboard. Monitor it once in a while for any issues, unfortunately currently it cannot notify only for
“errors”, it shows all events.

Keys, localization, translations & languages
The platform team is responsible for the entire framework of creating keys in the platform, i.e. the actual text/labels that we and
our clients see, the localization process in the various languages and the translations process. Additionally, the platform team is
leading the introduction of any new languages to the platform with the PM doing the Localise ordering.

Keys creation and updates
Every team creates their own keys to be used on their own pages. The platform team is responsible for the underlying process
that supports this. Most recently (epic link), we improved the process to create new translation keys and we’ve removed overhead
on engineering, made it easier for the engineering team to create new keys. In a nutshell the process is:
1. Frontend creates the keys (codes) - ensure these conditions are met, otherwise keys won’t be sent for translation
a. we do this because we don’t want to translate all keys, e.g. ABE, API docs, another internal stuff
2. Keys get created in the DB - you can use the “Import messages” either Single key import or Bulk
https://uberall.com/en/admin/message/messageImport - used for both key creation and key updates
3. Add text for the keys - you can do this either in the dashboard 1 by 1 https://uberall.com/en/admin/message/ or via the bulk
import https://uberall.com/en/admin/message/messageImport

Translations
They’re handled by Localise, after the specific language has already been launched and present in the platform. Localise offers
manual translations by translators which are rather expensive (~10k USD to translate a language) or machine translations (Google
/ DeepL) which are ~100 USD. We use the manual translations for high visibility and importance languages (French, German,
Spanish, etc.) and the machine translations for less important languages.

Cost

Person (manual)
translations

Machine
translations

High

Low

Translation delivery Days to weeks
speed
depending on size
(~25 business days
for a full language)

Minutes

Accuracy

High - usually no or Medium - more
very few changes
changes are
are needed
needed

Keys with

Dynamic values
are respected and
preserved

Dynamic values
are translated and
overwritten and not
respected

Automation and
ingestion of
translation results

Keys are
automatically fed
back to the
platform with
webhooks

Keys need to be
manually
processed remove any keys
(rows) with
dynamic content
and load the other
keys in the platform
via bulk import

Manual effort

Very low

High

[$directory]

values

Often certain deals can be unblocked by introducing the necessary language.
Currently there are 2 languages that are pending and have been negotiated for Q1 - Korean (SF gap) and Mandarin (SF gap)
Updating translations
Often colleagues or clients would raise some feedback about certain text not being translated or requiring change of the
translation. Then you can search for the current text in the https://uberall.com/en/admin/message/dashboard find the key and

modify the value. Sometimes, there may be more than 1 key that may have the same translation, so you would need to determine
which key by correlating the name of the key with the section where it’s found.

Knowing issues and long-term plans
Discovery work around translation has been conducted and documented in here. Most issues are grouped in the following
categories:
Translation quality - sometimes the translations lack the correct context. This can be addressed by bringing the page
(screenshot) or more context of the placement of the label
Discrepancies between languages - sometimes the English vs other language translations are not matching or have different
meanings. This can happen when the English label is translated, but the localizatioed version (translations) aren’t.
this is also complicated because the translation process is not restricted and many roles can adjust translations
Order placement in the translation management system (TMS) - currently this is a manual process since there are costs
involved and decisions need to be made on which keys and target languages need to be requested

Users, user management and user access
The platform team has been the owner of everything User management and User Groups. The team is involved in the user
lifecycle. User statuses can only be set and changed in the API or ABE (something that can be changed in the future).
The user lifecycle (status) is directly and email settings are directly related to the Email communications that we send. Also, the
user status dictates whether the user is allowed or not to log in the platform.
Roles dictate the “power” a User gets. Admins by default can see all locations, and have power access to certain features that
can be limited only to them. This is specific per product, but mostly it’s around the Org settings. Admins can, but are not limited to
adjust everything in the Org section (API keys, Groups, Single Sign On, Billing, and Webhooks). Generally Admin users can
overwrite data and actions done by lower roles, while lower roles are equal among each other and can edit only All other roles
see a more restricted views.
User access to features and modules
This is dictated by the User features permissions and these can vary per User, regardless of the role. This means that we can
orchestrate which products are activated for every single user. What’s important to mention that some features require the feature
to be activated also in the Product Plan.
All of this is documented extensively in the links

Emails
In 2024 we’ve launched an initiative to migrate the existing emails and the underlying infrastructure to AWS SES from Sendgrid.
The main objectives were to 1) tackle technical debt, 2) prepare emails for scalability with better cheaper pricing per volume and
3) redesign the emails for a modern look and feel.
Due to an underestimated complexity and increased delivery timelines, the scope has been deprioritised.
Engineering is using an external service (sovy.app) to create the design templates which SES uses.

Migrating to SES - current status
So far, majority of the emails are ready to be activated on the new service (11 emails, full list here). There are some activation
criteria that need to happen:
Add the emailTypes - https://uberall.com/en/admin/configuration/details/6658
Add the salesPartnerIds - https://uberall.com/en/admin/configuration/details/6657
All emails mentioned in the ticket above can be activated for clients that do not have any custom domains. If a client has a
custom domain (DNS) then we will fallback to the old Sedngrid flow. Note that not all emails are migrated, outlined below

Migrating to SES - what’s left to be done
Remaining emails
There are few emails that have not been built in Sovy and migrated. These are the Digest email, New reviews emails (unread
reviews), Google verification emails. What’s missing for these emails is to create the template in Sovy - the various components
that build the template itself.
For the digest email
The digest email has too much business logic built in the email itself so we’ve decided it’s too much effort to revamp every piece.
Instead, we want to focus on aligning some of the styles and email elements to look closer to the new branding guidelines and
directly inject the .html template in SES, instead of using Sovy.
Custom subdomains - DNS verification process
Last piece of the puzzle is to recreate the DNS verification setup that clients have done so that we can start sending emails from
Amazon SES instead of Sendgrid on behalf of clients.
We have extracted a list of clients with a verified subdomain with Sendgrid (±276, note some of these SPs are already inactive).
We need to reach out to them (their admins / owners) and share instructions what they need to do and the timelines. A high-level
approach would be:
1. Inform clients why this is happening - we’re switching email services
2. Inform them what they need to do - in their DNS settings they need to add the new key-pairs
3. Inform them of the timelines that we envision - e.g. you have X amount of time to comply
a. if you don't migrate you will start receiving emails from notifications@uberall.com instead of your own domain

Login Page
The login page has had a face uplift to apply new branding in the epic . The login page is still in .gsp and it’s not using any of the
FE framework (React). Much of these changes have been logged in the
The login page also dictates whether a user can log in via SSO

Login page message
In the same epic we’ve added a new marketing message that can be modified from the new section in ABE under Marketing →
“Login page”
We can specify the image URL and the CTA behind it. There’s an option to have it specific per language, or to apply for all
languages. The option to delete allows us to remove the message

Custom navigation for clients
For a handful of clients, we have built custom elements (buttons) in the navbar. These have been requested during the sales or
onboarding process. The long term vision / strategy was to convert this into a productised feature, where clients can set these
links directly in the platform in a self service manner.

New / old navigation
In 2024 we redesigned the navigation experience to remove clutter, and duplication and to standardise the user flows. As a result,
we removed many horizontal tabs on the single location view page e.g.
https://uberall.com/en/app/uberall/locationEdit/$locationId/datareview for Profile Suggestions. All sub-products were moved on
the side navigation to consolidate the user experience for single location vs multi location managers or admins, etc.
On the horizontal tab (navigation) we should keep only products that do not have a landing page or require a location, e.g.
Location (Website) Widgets. On he vertical (side) bar we should be putting by default any new products.

Adoption and next steps
As of mid-December 99% of clients were moved with the exception of few ones which have had different reason (see Navigation
- clients on old dashboard and to understand the problem better)
The navigation activation is managed via the ConfigCat flag.
Going forward, the remainder of old clients need to be migrated too by bridging the expectations gap. We should generally
communicate that any new features will be shipped only on the new nav experience and any bugs won’t be fixed on the old nav.

Security & 2-factor authentication
2FA
Our platform supports 2-factor authentication with email as a second factor of authenticating. RIght now the adoption is low
because we never had a proper GTM and launch communication. This is something that we can communicate more.
The activation is governed by this flag https://uberall.com/en/admin/configuration/details/5565. We may decide to remove the
reliance on this flag, but there’s no clear decision whether it should be widely avaialble or restricted to some package. See
conversation here

Password settings / SOC2 certification
As part of SOC2 we would need to strengthen the password set up process in Uberall. Some of the requirements have bee
captured in this ticket. We do have some default password settings per SP (field Minimum Password Length that can overwrite the
default setting, so length-wise we can easily adjust it, but it does not capture the remaining criteria. Furthermore, we would need
to implement a “password expiration” flow that would prompt users with non-compliant passwords to set a new password.
POC here is

ABE (SPs, product plans)
The platform team supports some ABE pages, specifically the Sales Partner and Product Plan pages. For Sales Partner, different
squads also tend to add their own sections. The team was owner of the page and the Sales Partner model (object).
The same applies also for the Product Plan page.

Developer and cross-functional topics
Performance
The team has been the team responsible for initiating and driving projects that aim at improving the performance of the platform.
Such projects are developers-led and have a distributed nature - each engineering squad does the work for which they are
responsible.

Zenit
Majority of Zenit work is handled by various stakeholders. Mohammed and Amr are active contributors to the project and work
independently of the PM to prioritise work. We’re discussing tickets that need to fit our sprints and discuss capacity, but
everything else is decided independently of the PM.

Rebranding 2.0 - pointers for next iteration
In end of 2024 we rebranded the platform and applied the purple colors. We have modified many of the pages to standardise
buttons and shapes.
For 2025 we can consider doing a second iteration to tackle the UX/UI debt we have and:

ensure all pages are building using the Frontend framework React and Zenit, remove app legacy .gsp pages
address all loading spinners and standardise them across the pages
ensure all page structures are aligned (Top bar header, H1 elements, forms)
Action button are aligned in terms of wording and actions
Emtpy/blank screens are systematic

Other
Manual Tasks
A variety of manual task have been under the platform PM. Some of them are:
finalizing orders for translations - the process is outlined here
modifying labels / translations - explained in
quarterly bulk activations via the Bulk Product Plan features tools or Bulk User features tools

Demo Accounts
In the past we have tried to create a demo account process where it would refresh an already existing data in a single SP so that
it remains fresh. Unfortunately, the process was too complex - specifically creating this dummy data was very problematic
(analytics, data points, reviews) and was heavy on the individual squads to create this dummy data. As such, we’ve resorted to
having an demo account https://uberall.com/en/admin/salesPartner/details/476 where we activate all features, at least for this
admin user.

Internal tools
Bulk user and product plan updates
The platform team has been responsible for the bulk user and product plan updates toolshttps://uberall.com/en/admin/bulkFeature/USER/list and https://uberall.com/en/admin/bulkFeature/PRODUCT_PLAN/list
The tool is documented here and and is used in the quarterly activation for features.

Bulk User import
The bulk user import allows creating and updating users with an excel file. It’s predominantly used when you need to create in
bulk new users for a new implementation or a client has asked to update many users' details which cannot be handled by the
above two tools - e.g. user roles, user personal details, etc.


